= CloudCue

Cue up some cloud

== Description

Create Server groups from a pool of OpenStack instances.

A web application with a REST based HTTP interface to create groups of servers in the cloud. A simple web UI is also available to create, view, monitor, and manage server groups.

== Installation

Requires a Ruby, Rubygems, and Ruby on Rails 3.2. The app was developed against Ruby 1.9.3 and MySQL.

	bundle install

Unpack the rails app and run the following commands to create the database.

	rake db:create
	rake db:migrate

Start some linux workers to configure Linux machines:

	mkdir tmp/pids
	rake resque:workers QUEUE=linux COUNT=3

Start the API server:

	./script/rails server

At this point the web application should be running at http://localhost:3000. The default username:password is admin:cloud.

== API

The following REST API requests are available (both XML and JSON are supported).

	GET /server_groups.xml
	GET /server_groups/1.xml
	POST /server_groups.xml
	DELETE /server_groups/1.xml
	GET /servers.xml
	GET /server/1.xml
	POST /servers.xml
	DELETE /servers/1.xml
	GET /server_errors.xml

== Examples

Example: creating a server group using Curl
Create a file containing the following example data. Name the file example.json.

	{
		"name": "mail",
		"domain_name": "foo",
		"description": "Mail Server Group",
		"owner_name": "dan.prince",
		"servers": [
			{
				"name": "login",
				"description": "Gateway Server",
				"flavor_id": 3,
				"image_id": 51,
				"gateway": "true"
			},
			{
				"name": "nova1",
				"description": "Nova test server",
				"flavor_id": 4,
				"image_id": 51
			}
		],
		"ssh_public_keys": [
			{
				"description": "Dan Laptop SSH key",
				"public_key": "ssh-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAABIwAAAQEA+yNMzUrQXa0EOfv+WJtfmLO1WdoOaD47G9qwllSUaaGPRkYzkTNdxcEPrR3XBR94ctOeWOHZ/w7ymhvwK5LLsoNBK+WgRz/mg8oHcii2GoL0fNojdwUMyFMIJxJT+iwjF/omyhyrWaaLAztAKRO7BdOkNlXMAAcMeKzQtFqdZm09ghoemu3BPYUTyDKHMp+t0P1d7mkHdd719oDfMf+5miixQeJZJCWAsGwroN7k8a46rvezDHEygBsDAF2ZpS2iGMABos/vTp1oyHkCgCqc3rM0OoKqcKB5iQ9Qaqi5ung08BXP/PHfVynXzdGMjTh4w+6jiMw7Dx2GrQIJsDolKQ== dan.prince@dovetail"
			}
		]
	}

Run the following example curl request:

	curl -k -u username:password -d "@example.json" http://localhost:3000/server_groups.json
** Where the Server Groups JSON data file is named example.json in the current working directory

== Author

Dan Prince <dprince@redhat.com>

== License

See COPYING for license information.
Copyright (c) 2010-2011, Rackspace US, Inc.
Copyright (c) 2013, Red Hat Inc.
